Add initial version of 3scale alert SOPs included on 3scale v2.9 (#9)
3scale/3scale-Operations: sops/alerts/zync_5xx_requests_high.adoc

:toc:
:toc-placement!:

= ThreescaleZync5XXRequestsHigh

toc::[]

== Description

* This alert will trigger if the number of `zync` HTTP 5XX requests is greater than a given threshold

== Troubleshooting

* Check if `zync` pods might be failing

> * Check if `zync` pods might not be able to deal with incoming traffic (too much cpu usage causing slowliness?)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Check if `zync` pods might not be able to deal with incoming traffic due to high CPU usage
```

- You may need to consider scaling horinzontally `zync` deployment
- You may need to consider increasing `zync` deployment resources requests/limits

> * Check if postgres database is having some issues

Author: ```suggestion
* Check if zync's postgres database is having issues
```
